---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-15T17:05:38.074Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-15T17:05:17.404Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-15-a58be2ff-d79b-4d1d-b1ac-88f56928152a.md
published: true
url: a58be2ff-d79b-4d1d-b1ac-88f56928152a/index.html
_type: Article

---
### Welcome!

I have wanted to make movies for as long as I can remember; and I consider myself very lucky to be in a position to stay active in filmmaking.

In 2011, I wrote, produced, and directed the short film, Deception.  It was a small production with a crew of only five people and a cast of four actors.  At that time we had only 25 actors auditioned.

In 2012, things changed dramatically when I wrote, produced, and directed, Into Pieces.  We had a crew of around fifteen and cast of twelve.  In addition we had 300 actors audition, which was a major upswing from the first film.

In 2014, I was fortunate enough to be on the set of Avengers 2: The Age of Ultron while the production unit was filming on location in Seoul, Korea.  I also was teaching graduate classes in tv and film directing at the Hongik Graduate School of Film.  My students were all working industry professionals.

In 2015, I moved to Los Angeles to focus on screenwriting and make a push to both write and direct in the US film and television industry.

I believe I have the leadership, passion, and talent to make films that can stand among any film currently playing in theatres.  Although now I am a US Citizen, I am an orphan and refugee from Vietnam. I grew up in the USA making English my native language, but I am self taught to speak Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. I am currently an MFA candidate in screenwriting at University of California, Riverside.  I am also a graduate of two Ivy League universities: the University of Pennsylvania and Brown University.

I started making movies when I worked at a TV station during high school, and this later led me to study acting and directing just outside of New York City, at the same school director Francis Ford Coppola studied. During the summers in college, I taught people how to captain sailboats. After September 11, 2001, I volunteered to serve in the US Navy as a pilot. Unfortunately after sustaining an injury during training, I was medically discharged. I was later selected to interview for the CIA clandestine agent training program.

Thank you stopping by and considering my work as an artist.